in case you don't know is MLK days is a
day on which we honor and remember the
life and work of a great American dr.
Martin Luther King jr. many of our
leaders today paid tribute to dr. King
including the president who wrote it was
exactly three years ago today January
20th 2017 that I was sworn into office
so appropriate that today is also MLK
jr. Day is it though because I don't
think it is african-american
unemployment is the lowest in the
history of our country by far also best
poverty youth and employment numbers
ever great that's right
Martin Luther King's dream that racism
would one day become a relic of the past
has finally been realized thanks to
Donald Trump the great uniter let me
take some Martin Luther King had a dream
this wasn't it this was the only dream
Donald Trump ever had involved porn
stars and unlimited breadsticks oh and
then
13 minutes later a little thumbs
followed that up by tweeting that he
will never allow our great Second
Amendment to go unprotected not even a
little bit
13 minutes after tweeting about dr. King
he tweets support for the weapon that
killed him what a dope this three years
ago today this country took on an
extraordinary challenge and that
challenge was to answer the question can
democracy survive the worst person on
earth and so far the answer is barely
but I try to be positive and when I look
back on Trump's inauguration this is
what I remember most not Donald Trump
but rather the sight of George W Bush
struggling with his poncho in the rain
remember when we thought he was our most
embarrassing president well look at is
he
sit on his head finally he takes it off
and wears it like a nun the moment
Donald Trump put his hand on the Bible
and swore to protect and defend the
Constitution of the United States that
was his first official lie as president
and he just kept going from there
according to the Washington Post since
taking office Trump has racked up more
than 16,000 false or misleading claims
16,000 241 lies and that's just in
public that doesn't even include the
time he told Don Jr he loves him that
fiscal in 2019 Trump averaged an
incredible 22 false claims per day and
can you imagine how much higher that
would be if he didn't have chicken stuff
in his mouth all the time even the color
of his face is a lie there are so many
lies it's hard to even comprehend that
number so I thought it might help to see
it now here we have 16,000 241 lives put
that into perspective that's over 7,000
more lies than there are visible stars
in the night star if those lies were
were fluffy buttermilk pancakes at 1
inch thick they would stack up higher
than the Empire State Building if Donald
Trump's lies were cruise ship passengers
they would fill 6 Titanic's and a whole
bunch of dinghies too if those 16,000
plus lies were big match you'd have
enough two all-beef patties with special
sauce lettuce cheese to bury the
president in a pile 10 feet high in the
East Room of the White House so there
you have 16,000 lives and a side order
of fries from our president and tomorrow
is day 1 of his impeachment
we'll be very well prepared he has an
all-star defense team in place one of
his lawyers is Alan Dershowitz who
represented such luminaries as Klaus von
Bulow Harvey Weinstein Jeffrey Epstein
and OJ Simpson so he definitely has a
type
Dershowitz has been making the rounds on
cable news touting what appears to be
the Trump defense that strategy without
there can be I know impeachment so
they're saying without a crime there can
be no impeach me you can't impeach
without a crime that was yesterday but
this is what he said when Bill Clinton
was being impeached back in 1998
it certainly doesn't have to be a crime
if you have somebody who completely
corrupts the office of President and who
abuses trust and who poses great danger
to our Liberty you don't need a
technical crime so when your hair is all
crazy you can impeach without a crime
but otherwise know by the well isn't the
only star on the Trump team Trump
summoned all the ghosts of impeachments
past including Kenneth Starr who led the
case against Clinton and was attacked
for it by a number of high-profile
people including this gentleman I think
Ken Starr is a lunatic I really think
that Ken Starr is a disaster I hated the
way the president handling it was a long
and terrible process I really think that
Ken Starr was terrible well welcome to
the team can only the best people Rudy
Giuliani will not be on the Trump legal
team but he claims he wants to testify
he said he would love to appear as a
witness at the Senate trial not as much
as I would love it but he would love I
think we'd all like to see that I think
we'd especially like the part where he
puts his hand on the Bible and a burst
into flames Senate Republicans don't
want any witnesses and they're limiting
press access journalists will be
confined to a restricted area inside
Mitch McConnell's throat pouch
throughout the trial
and McConnell also released a schedule
that could put some arguments on TV at
midnight or 1 o'clock in the morning
these guys really are subdued a lot
witnesses they don't want new evidence
they don't aren't reporting and they
don't want people watching it's almost
like they have something to hide
but what could that be the phone call
was perfect it was a perfect call maybe
they're just shy I don't know but anyway
with a lack of access for reporters I
think we can all be prepared for a lot
of hilarious courtroom sketches of this
guy that is Lev partes Rudy Giuliani's
former dirt digger who's been shoveling
up all sorts of gems about the president
has involvement in this Ukraine nonsense
he says everyone in trumps circle knew
about the quid pro quo but everyone in
Trump circles say claim they don't know
him they don't know love partes even
though there are now so many pictures of
Lev Parnas with the president and his
family and friends it's ridiculous
let partes has more pictures with the
trumps than I do with my own mother and
you know leather is the traditional gift
for a third anniversary so as a
president a present for the president on
his special day we put together this
beautiful leather-bound photo album
filled it with photos of him and his
loved ones with leather there's the
president with love and let's see what
else do we have here we have oh there's
Ivanka with Lev and Donald with love and
well we've got another one of the
president Lando there's Donald Trump jr.
with love and there's Jeff Sessions and
Mike Pence Oh partisans and that's
something oh look
I think that's oh that's a Jared with
love and then we have love with Don Jr
again
Wow there are so many great photos here
it's a real walk down memory lane
and that's something and MIT has photos
with rudy guiliani and i want to this is
very interesting because you know Rudy
Giuliani is a vampire and usually they
don't even show up and fold
so there's your forest Trump right there
to let lab harness tell the Senate what
he knows good this is why they need to
have cameras rolling at the impeachment
trial this is a great example this is
from a local committee meeting in
Madison Wisconsin and this is what
happens when you put liquor before
licensed it's very frustrating for me
when people keep saying nightclub
nightclub nightclub because what I don't
see nightclub we will have music yes I
want to be somewhere where people can
come and sit and relax not party and get
wild and cause complaints I wanna make
sure heard something right you're saying
the division is not in that Club and
this is not a place for people to get
wild is that what you said I'm sure if
we check the records that's probably the
case this your website it says that wild
can i addresses I mean yeah so so per my
team like I said I do a lot of
delegation and as of right now I haven't
fully checked the website yeah I guess
that
see that's the guy I want asking
questions in the Senate of the
impeachment trial I don't know well I
spent the day yesterday watching
football the matchup for Super Bowl 54
is set the Kansas City Chiefs and San
Francisco 49ers manhandled their
opponents yesterday
the Chiefs opened favored over the
Niners in the Super Bowl by a point they
eliminated Tennessee and the Niners beat
Green Bay just as the leader of the
space force predicted and just five days
away from when the Green Bay Packers
defeat Nancy Pelosi's 49ers in the NFC
Championship Game Wow nice pick no sir
dumbass because hopefully this is one
time this is my wife Super Bowl by the
way The Bachelor episode three The
Bachelor tonight the sparks really flew
in this one several of the women called
out Aleya the former beauty queen for
not being there for the right reasons
which at this point was that there are
no right reasons to be on The Bachelor
the only reasons are wrong but the
champagne drama continued tonight
between Kelsey and the woman I picked to
win Hannah and basically what happened
is last week Kelsey had a bottle of
champagne she'd been saving it for a
year she wanted to drink it with Peter
Hannah and saw it she opened it and
drank it with Peter and when Kelsey
found out all hell broke loose Hannah
answered it was an honest mistake is
there she didn't know it was her
Kelsey lost her mind but tonight we
learned that this fight was about the
champagne wasn't about the champagne I'm
not ashamed pain stealer I never
intended that was not a mess the
champagne okay it's not about the
champagne I don't even really like
champagne
you know like baby we devoted
multiple hours of our lives for watching
you have a hysterical tantrum over it
and then Hannah Ann very humorously
explained why it took her time to
apologize for drinking the champagne
after the finesse Co of the champagne
stealing incident they were calling me
that's right after the finesse Co who
does she think she is the president
that's not that wasn't the only attack
on the English language tonight there's
another assault made by a young woman
named Kiara we got these bags with our
names on them and inside of it was like
a cute pajama Linga reset and the winner
of the mispronunciation pageant tonight
is can I get a drumroll ascender ate
some nice lingering okay back to the
other reality show this is you know it's
it's three years of Donald Trump which
is a lot it's too much really and mild
so much has transpired over the last
thousand plus days and tonight we
decided to pay tribute to remember the
highlights of these three years under
our president Donald Trump
[Music]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book this
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make most to
children's hospitals across the country
so you know what to do